haha laughing laugh my mother got mad
tell me what happened toughest cool you
guys I got this chick named Lisa nor be
drunk but you remember her name Wow you
remember this anger hahahaha so what
happened clapping all about nine
tutorial how many guys I'm guy one night
then I want to run home school that's
the worst part of it was the other guys
are talking
I gotta feel sorry I wasn't there
corruption get drunk like that man you
know Wow no thank you huh oh I probably
did it on oh yeah
that's like my one girlfriend cheated on
in my best friend
hey I'm gonna break it off you know she
told me what happen again
I'm in the same house as I standard but
anyway I like went home and then that
nice you're causing way off this time I
said man talk is your boss I already
bugging up oh he took best friends no
why'd you do that oh she's Boston yeah
are you going to see all those drunken
won't happen again i did i know i'm
britta and they always know ya shiga
guys drive me what happened again I
might never was
alright
why did you go
but anywhere monsters don't let this
good guys won her mom found actually now
we know where my father mom called me
see you know what I want you do to my
daughter she went ballistic it sort of
breaking things in the house I said man
I broke up with her and that's good I
broke up with her and then she I guess
you went crazy not like John says she
goes low I throw her out to her dad I
kicked her out to her before I through
it or dad kicked her out what you dead
what do you do to my daughter that said
I had enough and I broke up with him
because he went to bed with my best
friend todd zeile all that little whore
bitch shit her mama's even man my
daughter doing that fucking god
RT lien is its mission 7 yeah I go bird
do i miss a decent home on Sunday my
baby no no I'm they're gonna borrow out
the bike to do washing busy kid haha
then I'm only won one game wasn't
suicide you know that losing every game
I like four to five seven four barely
knew the last five years in the five
Dodgers Eli surviving the combined total
for it where I lose my four points
they just can't get that last little
drive everybody hear about you for years
and I think would be good to my ears
Jim I liked him I really like but I was
putting some things in there she told me
a shitload or 21 and then when I printed
my paperwork from loading or 20 loading
21 or 22 then he's like don't keep them
a palace after I should know I'm gonna
move I'm not gonna forget it i'm gonna
be why are you starting over i think i
doing good here
here's your trust in trying to break a
shrink yeah he was he drunk he was he
drunk well yesterday I to go tell Tim I
can I eat my dad he's a look the other
day there was an excuse me didn't hear
nothing why go Tim ate my dad man until
that guy out
opposing yo yo yo I feel like you that's
right get into a jar yeah oh yeah the
utility doesn't oh well I mean I don't
like to listen to the guy we can sit on
it taking kinda food why is he like that
crabby yeah I see him yellow you nah
dude or Jim you're like I cheated me
Alan Harper I should reveal that mark
was come on we gotta straighten screwed
wrong I hear them the other you that
time remember let's get in there attack
I favorite bra you like bar mouse
a half a roadrunner share the same job
as Julie there is Barbara yo she used to
tell me I don't remember what the hell I
did yes you did good it's not on the
fuck I did yesterday Matt don't ask me
that's awesome every that my too much
more like a pizza place you mean I don't
know what the hell I did yesterday she
forgets everything no we all have to get
together Peter Tom I said we should do
that again I'd remember is kind of fun
you know how come he went up there then
you know what you say i don't remember
when we did that man i don't remember
what I did yes yeah you can't let her
other treatment
I do you want to start her
he goes right
Wow